# SNHU
A collection of works from my time learning to program in various languages at SNHU.

The project I have submitted was for creating a program for a banking company (Airgead Banking) that they could use to teach students about the concepts of fiscal responsibility. This program was to focus mainly on investing and compound interest. The directions called for a review of Airgead Banking App Functional Requirements, which included a display screen that showed the users input for initial investments, monthly deposits, annual interest, and the number of years the money has to grow. Two reports were to generate that gave a by-year breakdown of year end balances and year end earned interest, with and without additional monthly deposits. There then needed to be an option for the user to have all of this information broken down by x months. 
When developing this program, I think that I used different classes well. I also felt that the proper implementation of a header file was done well. As a programmer who is still in the early stages of learning these skills, I believe there is always room for growth. I could have made sure there was less redundancy in logic and implemented error handling to better validate user input. I know that in this case, the pseudocode I wrote is mainly for me, but I do think it could have been much cleaner and a bit more in depth.
The original pseudocode was much messier, and it had to be edited as I went along with actually writing the program and debugging as I went. It took me a while to really organize what minimal logic should be in main(), and how/where to break up the rest to maintain my code. I use most of the tools offered in the course, as well as supplemental videos/readings. When I am extraordinarily stuck, I ask the AI built into the IDE (in this case Microsoft Visual Studio 2022). 
I believe that most of the skills I've gathered from working on this project will be transferable to other projects/course work because I've noticed that while programming languages may be more or less different from each other, a lot of the structure remains. 
Finally, I made this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable by providing in-line comments that I or future collaborators may use as direction, and followed the industries current best practices in terms of clean, well-structured code that uses clear logic, and meaningful names.
